You herewith acknowledge that the Software is made available "as is". The owner does not give any warranty or representation, whether expressly or implied, of any kind related to the functionality or content of the software. Moreover, the owner takes no responsibility or liability whatsoever related in any way to your use of this Software. The owner takes no liability for the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, comprehensiveness, usefulness, reliability or timeliness of this Software. The owner does not give any warranty, whether expressly or implied, that the functions contained in the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the software is free of viruses or other harmful components. The owner reserves the right to interrupt or discontinue any or all of the functionalities of the Software, and takes no liability whatsoever for any interruption or discontinuance of any or all of the functionalities of the Software. The owner shall not be liable for loss, damage, or liability in respect to loss of profits, business or revenue loss, special, indirect or consequential loss (even if foreseeable).

Any commercial sale (standalone or as a part of a package) of the Software is strictly forbidden. The owner shall not be liable for any unlawful commercial use of the Software by any third parties.

Your use of this Software shall be goverved in all respects by the laws of Switzerland without regard to choice of law provisions. You agree that any disputes and legal proceedings directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Software shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of the Canton Basel- Landschaft, Switzerland.
